new API proposal NetworkHealthAssessment and NetworkTrafficAnalysis (#129)
camaraproject/APIBacklog: documentation/API proposals/APIproposal_NetworkTrafficAnalysis_chinaunicom.md

| **Field** | Description | 
| ---- | ----- |
| API family name | NetworkTrafficAnalysis |
| API family owner | chinaunicom |

> | API summary | This API allows users to query statistical information about 5G service traffic for private network customers. Users can select hourly or daily granularity to obtain statistical information such as uplink and downlink traffic (in MB) and access times for 5G private network users, thus monitoring and issuing early warnings for 5G private network quality. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| API summary | This API allows users to query statistical information about service traffic for a given network's customers. Users can select hourly or daily granularity to obtain statistical information such as uplink and downlink traffic (in MB) and access times for a given network's users, thus monitoring and issuing early warnings for  network quality. |

```
